Some Divine Treasure this was.
Who'd have thought it'd wear off so soon?
Eris-sama! I'm not into
this kind of teasing!
Episode 6: A Farewell to This Lavish Lifestyle!
Hey, Kazuma.
Yes, I'm Kazuma.
You love calling me an idiot,
but now I can be sure of something...
You're, like, an idiot of the
highest caliber, aren't you?
It's not like that!
Walking around the castle, everyone
was waiting on me hand and foot,
so I started thinking I could
get away with anything!
So you're stupid?! You really
oughta think about what you did!
Even Iris was furious with me!
I dunno if big brother can go on living!
Oh, look, it's the big talker.
What could have possessed Lady Dustiness
to associate with someone like that?
Absolutely!
Princess Iris has already
retired for the night.
Y-Yeah?
This is goodbye.
You're free to enjoy the party.
Assuming you have the nerve to do so.
KONOSUBA.
Damn it all!
What is that chick's problem?!
Even at the very end,
she has to get some digs in!
I mean, sure, it's my fault!
I'm even willing to admit that, but still!
I just wanted to stay in the castle longer!
You can keep asking,
but my answer isn't gonna change.
Now, now, don't be like that.
I may as well tell you. The Divine Treasure
that swaps bodies is in the castle.
But I don't see what's so dangerous about it.
The thing is, once the bodies
that's been swapped gets killed,
the change becomes permanent.
What?!
It has the potential to
allow someone to live forever.
Once your body ages,
you find a young, healthy
person to switch with,
and kill them once you're in their body.
That's pretty messed up!
Maybe we should tell someone—
I wouldn't.
If people find out about
the Divine Treasure's power,
what do you think will happen?
I guarantee it.
Nobles from all over the
country would come after it.
Eternal life, huh?
I'm sharing this with you because
I'm confident you wouldn't misuse it.
Huh? Does she seriously trust me that much?
So, you're playmates with
the princess, right?
You wanna go play with her right now?
Huh?
Looking good.
With the celebratory party,
security seems light.
True.
Hey. What are you wearing?
You think you're the only one
who gets to hide their identity?
A sketchy employee from a magic
item shop gave this mask to me.
It's supposed to be one
of their hottest items.
Oh?
Well, minion, are you ready to go?
Ready when you are, Big Lady.
Could you not call me that?
Then maybe you shouldn't call me "minion."
I'm the one who made a name for
herself as a noble thief in the capital.
Why don't we settle it
over rock-paper-scissors?
All right, let's go!
Bring it!
Rock, paper—
Well, assistant, is that
where we find the princess?
Sure is, boss.
That's the first time I've ever
lost at rock-paper-scissors...
Even I can't manage
something that high up.
S-ni-pe!
You're handy to have around, assistant.
Smooth sailing so far.
Boss, my Enemy Detection's
picking something... up.
Uh, hey, assistant?
You have the Lurk skill. Do we really
need to stick so close together?
Carelessness costs, boss!
We need to take up as little space
as possible! Come on! Closer!
Hey, too close!
This is to uphold the world's peace!
Hang in there! Please, endure!
Hey, you keep this up and you'll
incur Eris's divine wrath!
Intruders! They're in the castle!
Get out here, men!
See what happens when you yell, boss?!
We're gonna need to have a long talk later!
Now is not the time to be fighting!
I don't wanna hear that from you!
Stop them!
Princess Iris is on the top floor!
Create Water!
Freeze.
S-Stop!
You really are handy to
have around, assistant!
Maybe compliment less and
help out more, boss!
Okay...
Let me show you what your boss can do!
Wire Trap!
You could've used that sooner.
Okay, that should buy us some time.
To think you'd cut off your own escape route.
You wretches have nowhere to run now!
This is bad.
There. That's how we'll get out.
Wait, hang on.
I'd really rather take care of this today!
Since I'm gonna be kicked out
of the capital tomorrow!
Wait, were you always such a hard worker?
She's right. Since when have
I been so hot-blooded?
Calm down. I'm a more
cool-headed guy than that.
Yeah, once I get back to Axel,
I can enjoy life in leisure...
Given the state of things, it's not really
the best time to immerse myself in studies.
I was hoping you would play
this game with me today.
I've never met anyone like you.
Everyone normally dotes on me,
but you never back down.
You're so rude, and so honest.
Hey. I wasn't asking for a list of complaints.
Right. I was telling you
what I like about you.
Boss, I...
think I'm gonna have to get serious.
Assistant?!
Enough of your chatter!
What?
Assistant, what skill is that?!
It must remain a secret, for reasons.
Top condition! Top condition!
I'm not sure why,
but I am in top condition!
Increased magic power!
Improved circulation! A clear complexion!
Tonight I will display my true power!
Make way for the Silver-Haired Thief Brigade!
Spare yourselves some pain...
and clear a path.
He's formidable!
Even though his mask is weird!
Lightning!
Skill Bind!
What?!
I don't like "Silver-Haired Thief Brigade"!
You can be the boss, so let's go
with "Masked Thief Brigade"!
I say no.
I'd rather not be treated
like a criminal mastermind.
I don't want to, either!
Claire-san, you appear to
be facing a fierce foe.
Allow a Swordmaster to
apprehend this masked man!
Claire-san, I leave the
silver-haired boy to you.
Hey, assistant...
Am I really that boyish?
Perhaps your slender figure is the reason?
Get a grip! We've hit a critical juncture!
Once I steal his Cursed Sword...
That looks like you're going to use Steal.
Unfortunately for you,
ever since losing to someone who uses it,
I've prepared counter-measures
for that skill!
Steal!
It's no use!
Wha?!
...was a feint, as I use Freeze.
And an additional... Freeze.
Create Water!
Sir Mitsurugi?!
What fool would take a Swordmaster head-on?!
Your overconfidence is your downfall!
Ah, so these are negative emotions...
Savory. Quite savory indeed.
Damn you!
Away!
I would advise looking after
that man immediately!
Sir Mitsurugi!
Rain! He'll need healing magic, quickly!
C-Coming!
Quickly, boss!
You're not escaping! Not when
Princess Iris is ahead!
Stop them, all of you!
It seems we're nearly to Iris's room!
Copy that, assistant!
Top condition! Top condition!
I am in top condition!
You've gone far enough, intruder.
To defend the people, the kingdom,
and its royalty is my—
Wh-What now, assistant?!
Hey, don't close the door!
What are you two trying to—
Intruders,
I am impressed that you made it this far.
But the Hero's blood runs in my veins,
and like all of my family, I have
worked to maintain that strength.
I swear upon this ring that has
been passed down via royal line—
One side, please!
A few intruders will prove no...
S-So cool!
What should we do, Darkness?!
These noble thieves have incredible style!
This one has such a cool mask,
and a black costume!
What are you called?!
Have you selected a name for your gang yet?!
Bind...
Oh! So cool!
Oh, this is good!
Sacred Break Spell!
Sorry to break it to you, but your
luck ran out when you ran into me.
I dunno what you're after,
but if I catch you two,
I bet that'll earn me
some more fancy bubbly!
Now, be good thieves and surrender!
This little...
Darkness, now!
Since Megumin has lost it for some
reason, you're our only hope!
Right!
Boss, when we make our escape, use Steal!
On the Divine Treasure, right?
But won't your Steal...
Are you suggesting it
only works on underwear?
Yes.
Princess Iris!
You coward! Of all the dirty tricks!
Lady Dustiness, we'll pincer them!
A-And now, face my full...
Boss!
My full...
Right!
p-p-powered swing!
That's our knucklehead Crusader!
Princess Iris!
Now!
Steal!
All right! Assistant,
we'll jump down from here!
The necklace!
I dunno what you took, but I'm not
letting you get away with it!
That idiot! She just keeps making problems!
Damn it all!
S-So cool!
Calm down! Just calm down!
My head! You're gonna break my head!
I was just coerced!
It was all Chris's idea!
What is your problem?! Ow, ow, ow, ow!
And you say you did this to recover
a dangerous Divine Treasure?
Then why didn't you tell
me from the beginning?
M-My assistant was worried
a connection between you
and the noble thief would
put you in a bad position!
Hey, don't tell her!
Honestly... Is there anything
else you're hiding?
There is, isn't there?
Th-That's...
I thought doing it together
would improve the success rate.
Why does your Steal only work on
things that shouldn't be stolen?!
At least it wasn't panties this time!
That's not the point!
Listen to me, Kazuma.
Do not lose this ring, understand?
And you need to take it
with you to the grave,
without anyone ever finding out.
Whoa, knock it off!
If it's that important, I'll just say
I found it somewhere and give it back!
Idiot!
This ring is only meant to be removed
when the princess has been betrothed,
and then given to that person!
With it being stolen, the idea of
some random adventurer finding it...
Even if you returned it out of good will,
you'd be killed to keep the secret.
Okay, that's really scary!
Princess Iris held on to that ring
at all times, and cherished it.
You need to make sure you take
care of it at all times,
and never let anyone find out you have it.
We had no idea the necklace
had such a dangerous power...
You have our thanks for
informing us, Lady Dustiness.
Of course.
Meanwhile, you...
were absolutely useless again
on the night in question.
Could it be...
that the thieves did this to protect me?
If true, that would mean they truly
are as noble as has been rumored.
Hard to believe...
But if it is true, I have to admit
that they are quite impressive.
What's all this?
You mean the man in the mask?
He was so impressive!
That mask, that black costume...
It all speaks directly to my values!
Next time he appears,
I'll need to ask for an autograph!
Oh, wow, what am I gonna do? I seriously
wanna tell them it was me now...
What's with you, Kazuma?
What're you grinning about? It's creepy.
Seriously, what are you so happy about?
True...
That noble thief...
He really was impressive.
Wait, is this the thing where she
actually realizes who it was?
I'm sure they did what they
did out of concern for me.
When it comes to that noble thief...
I think I may be a fan myself.
'Kay, let's tell them who I am.
Wh-Wh-Wh-What's the matter, Kazuma?!
What the hell?! Let go!
Why'd you stand up so suddenly?!
Do you need to pee? Is that it?
Why, you wanna watch?!
You're so helpless!
If you'll excuse me,
I can remove this fool at once!
Fine, then! I'll pee right here!
Hey, let go of me!
Or I'll Drain Touch you—
I must wonder...
Where are they, and what are they doing?
That...
silver-haired lead thief.
Yeah, KONOSUBA.
KONOSUBA
I'm sad to see you go, but...
Elder Brother, I have one request.
There's something I must say first.
My comrade has slain many
of the Devil King's generals.
He may even defeat the Devil King, in time.
It is a very difficult
and arduous mission.
As he faces down such a grave task,
could you offer him words of encouragement?
What the hell did she just say?!
Defeat the Devil King?
Really?! Elder Brother, are you
really planning to do that?
I obviously could never...
W-Well, y'know, if I get
the chance, I might...
consider slaying the Devil King, I guess.
I'm sure you can do it, Elder Brother!
Good luck in defeating him!
Could you stop this incessant
"Elder Brother" chatter?!
You have an actual older
brother, don't you?
If you want to fawn over
someone, do it with him!
Besides, I will eradicate the
Devil King in good time,
leaving nothing for Kazuma to do!
E-Elder Brother is my Elder Brother!
And what's wrong with me calling him that?!
Besides, there'd be no point
if you were the one to do it!
I want him to defeat the Devil King!
I ask you to stop and you start
spamming the Elder Brother button?!
Are you trying to pick a fight!
D-Do you want one?!
R-Royals are strong, you know!
How dare you?!
Enough, Megumin! Stop!
Perhaps I should overthrow the
monarchy with my Explosion magic!
You two were getting along so well yesterday!
You asked for it!
Princess Iris, please, restrain yourself!
I'll just have to teach you!
My Exterion is strong, too, y'know!
You've never been in a fight before!
So... what was it you wanted to ask?
Anything you want.
Right... I wanted to ask you...
We still haven't settled our game.
I'd love for you to come and play me again.
KO!
NO!
SU!
BA!
Would you quiet down?
You're being a disturbance. If you want
to shout, do it outside of town.
Screw you! Just when things
were going so well!
Next time... if I could
get your autograph...
When you said all that crap
about fighting the Devil King,
I bet Iris had to change her wish!
She was gonna say she
wanted me to stay with her,
or that she wanted to go out with me,
or that she wanted to sleep in my bed!
You're being ridiculous.
Do you actually believe you're capable
of convincing someone to
fall for you in only a week?
Face reality.
Don't drag me back there!
I don't wanna be fact-checked!
Just... let me dream a little more.
I can't believe the thieves
took your precious ring...
We will accept any punishment you see fit.
You two did everything you could.
Please, don't be so upset.
We are grateful for your mercy.
That ring has a certain
rule associated with it.
Whoever slays the Devil King, as a reward,
will gain the right to take
the princess as their bride.
Big Brother...
I hope he takes good care of the ring.
My Divine Treasure...
Not only did the thief
steal my Divine Treasure,
but they've sealed it away, too?!
Find it!
I can't...
If the Divine Treasure's been sealed,
there's nothing I can do...
You useless wretch!
When are you going to
actually grant my wish?!
It's your devoted Sylvia!
And I am really starting to get into this vacation. It's so liberating! And satisfying!
It seems a competent career woman needs time to recuperate, too.
The fact that I died without realizing that... I've been such a fool.
That's the kind of stodgy gal the old Sylvia was.
But now I've got my nails done! And it feels so good! ♥
I've never really noticed my hands outside of battle...
But now, I'm working on myself!
-Sylvia
Episode 7: Rest for This Up-And-Coming Adventurer!
It's your devoted Sylvia!
And I am really starting
to get into this vacation.
It's so liberating! And satisfying!
It seems a competent—